Update README.md (#18)
UTDNebula/api-tools: README.md

# API Tools

[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

_A CLI to scrape some really useful UTD data, parse it, and upload it to the Nebula API database for community use._

Part of [Project Nebula](https://about.utdnebula.com)

## Contributing

### Prerequisites

- Golang 1.18.4 (or higher)

### Development

Documentation for the project will be created soon, but for more information please visit our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/tcpcnfxmeQ)

Clone the repository.

- The `grade-data` directory contains .CSV files of, you guessed it, the UTD grade data!
- The `main` directory contains the main file that runs the CLI.

> - The `parser` directory contains the files and methods that parses the scraped data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `parser` directory contains the files and methods that parse the scraped data.
```

> - The `scrapers` directory contains the scrapers that scrape the UTD coursebook, the UTD organizations page, and the UTD profiles page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `scrapers` directory contains the scrapers for various UTD data sources.
```

- The `uploader` directory contains the uploader that sends the parsed data to the Nebula API database. (Under construction)

#### API Tools (Under construction)

> The API Tools use Golang with Gin and the MongoDB Golang Driver.

Reviewer: `api-tools` doesn't use Gin at all - Gin is the library used for network routing for `nebula-api` :)
Instead, we use ChromeDP for our scrapers and will (eventually) use MongoDB's Golang driver for the uploader.
```suggestion
The API Tools use Golang with ChromeDP and the MongoDB Golang Driver.
```
